Hendry:
instead of saying "a" and "b" are 1 apart, it would be nice to have a pronunciation distance

most words for water are probably longer than 1 or 2 digrams?

2 point crossover is pretty funky. unlikely that would happen? 1 point more likely?

Print statements shouldn't exist

for a 4gram, you can enumerate them all and calc which is the closest. compute that the total distance to all the known words is minimal. plausible to do.

done a lot of good stuff here! (sw's voice went high = impressed)

use more languages. weight the languages based on number of speakers if that's what you want.

start with nn that's changed for english, post-training it with other languages, loss goes down, replacing prediction layer with something that generates more letters.

try this for MANY more words. Make a big table. Do all the words on the swadesh list.

SW agrees that text version is better than audio.

wondering if we can do better than alphabet order for closeness. eg b and p might be closer than a and b. Can you get the b p sounds and find distances between spectrograms and get difference between the sounds of the letters. Look at soundex https://resources.wolframcloud.com/FunctionRepository/resources/Soundex/. Take the words, map with soundex, do letter substitutions. look up other similar algorithms like Metaphone.

Let's assume that everything that sounds the same in soundex has been compressed to the same letter.

feature distance between spectrogram components (eg f and s, b and p)?

most equidistant? voroni? formants? audio features in audio local measurements?
Anton made the soundex function, go talk to him.

pick 10 random 3 letter strings and understand what your fun animation is really doing. what is it calculating? presumably there are many solutions which are roughly average... how will you differentiate? can you do better than this?

genetic algorithm seems complicated, but interesting.

wondering - if you take a feature space plot, plot the words for a particular concept. however, our fsp is meaning based. looking for a string encoder that's not meaning based. encode the soundex? feature vector of soundex? feature extractor. net encoders. SW not showing me screen or saying things out loud.

try some toy versions with strings you made up. both with finding the equidistant word (not sure how you do that - try a feature vector thing), and with something we lost track of.

might be somewhat like a nearest neighbor problem. SW thinks there's a smart solution.

figure out a way to measure prouncability.
